Welcome to section number four in this section.
You're going to continue to learn how to work with the node module system.
So in the last section we ended up working with a few little scripts to explore this functionality in
this section.
We're gonna start to put all of that together and actually create the note taking application.
Now throughout this section the focus is going to be on two main topics.
The first is the file system and the second our command line arguments the file system is going to allow
us to store the user's note data and command line arguments are going to allow us to get input from
the user.
Now don't worry later on in the class you're going to learn how to store data in a real database and
you're going to learn how to get input from the user via forms in the browser.
But for now this is a great way to get started.
So let's jump right into the section.